So we had a look at what you can do with CSS,
now let's have a brief look at its history,
a very brief one I promise.
CSS was first introduced in 1996, we refer to this as CSS version 1,
that was the first time you finally got tools to improve the look of your web page.
Now only two years later, we got CSS version 2. The latest
version of CSS actually is CSS version 3,
that is the one this course uses and it's still in development.
Isn't that strange?
Will there ever be a version 4 at some point in time?
No. We'll never get a CSS version 4 because with CSS version 3, the concept or the approach toward
CSS, towards the development of CSS, changed. Rather than focusing on different versions, they now
split up CSS into a couple of modules which are organized by the feature they cover.
So things like modules on coloring text, modules which focus on shadows, modules which focus on
animations. We've got different versions of these modules and new modules and module versions are
continuously added in the future,
simply to keep up with modern developments and to keep CSS dynamic.
Here's an overview of the different working groups and their results, who are working on improving
CSS and developing new features.
Now please don't read through all of that,
we will cover the important features in this course in great depth.
The important takeaway for you is that CSS simply keeps evolving,
it still is under active development and we will see new and improved features in the future too, simply
to keep up with the general evolving nature of web development itself.